MTM-63162 adding the charachters limitation for the latest value tenant option (#3276)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/standard-tenant/managing-data-bundle/latest-value.md

  // or "*":"" to enable all
}
```
where the key is a filter of measurement series that must be persistent and its value must always be an empty string (left for a future use case).  

> **⚠️ Important:** Property names used for fragment and series must not contain whitespaces nor the special characters ``` $ & + , / : ; = ? @ " < > # % { } | \ ^ ~ [ ] ` ```. This is necessary to ensure the new tenant option is processed correctly and saved successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< c8y-admon-important >}}
Property names used for fragment and series must not contain whitespaces nor the special characters ``` $ & + , / : ; = ? @ " < > # % { } | \ ^ ~ [ ] ` ```. This is necessary to ensure the new tenant option is processed correctly and saved successfully.
{{< /c8y-admon-important >}}
```
